this is just another quick demo of
Microsoft Kinect with media center and
we're just going to try it out with a
woman's voice to see how it goes so
Christine maybe you'd give it a few
commands let's see how it goes play
artist Michael Bolton next track
play album number one
play artist pet shop boys bring over the
ketchup would play track it's all right
play track where the streets have no
name play artist Nina Simone
bringing our defeat at the door plate
rack I think it's going to rain today
play track I think it's going to rain
today
rate this song fiestar's broken with an
empty play artist Westlife playing
artists live life
play album back home
today track home that's great thanks for
staying